---
Suite
---
Acceptance Criteria

Quality Tours are a company that develops software for the travel industry. The company has identified an opportunity in the market 
for travel agents to search for flights on behalf of their customers. They have a requirement for an application, developed in a leading technology,
that allows users to search for flights between London and Paris. Quality Tours are keen to adopt a phased approach whereby the first release is a flight
search feature for one route only. Over time, they expect to enhance the application such that more routes can added and tickets can actually be reserved and 
purchased. The additional functionality will be developed and made available in future releases.

Quality Tours have defined the following a acceptance criteria ...

The application will be used by travel agents on behalf of their clients. The travel agent will be given a unique user name and password to log
on to the application. If the user credentials are correct then the user should log on successfully and a welcome message should be displayed. If
the user credentials are incorrect then an error message should be displayed.

The travel agent will search for flights based on the route selected - London to Paris. There are two airports in London (Gatwick, Heathrow) 
and two airports in Paris (Charles de Gaulle, Orly). The travel agent should also select the class of flight (Coach, Premium Economy, First) and the number 
of tickets required. On searching for flights, the application should display the flight details selected (route, class, tickets) and the flights available (airline) 
and cost (ticket cost, total cost).

The travel agent should be able to conduct multiple searches in order to offer the available prices. The flight details should be cleared and updated
after each search. Once complete, the travel agent should close the application.

Quality Tours have adopted the traditional approach to software development in that an developer codes the application and hands it over for testing. The
developer is a junior developer but has ensured that the code is high quality by supplying unit tests which give > 90% coverage. The developer has also 
supplied automated functional tests. The developer is confident that the application is good enough to release.


!contents -R2 -g -p -f -h